README.md, before:

# Unity Prototypes

## Sailing Topdown 2D
![screenshot](docs/sailing-topdown-2d.png)

Camera is locked to ship, use mouse to turn steering wheel and navigate. Points of Interest off screen are identified using a circular HUD around the ship.

## Tetris Inventory
![screenshot](docs/tetris-inventory.png)

ARPG style inventory. Different items take up multiple slots and can be moved around with the mouse.

## Idle Combat
![screenshot](docs/idle-combat.png)

Implementation of a combat system inspired by [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LY9wqkzauz4) by Polatrite.

Abilities can be generators and/or spenders. Character attempts to activate each ability in sequence each "turn".

## Dwarf Game
![screenshot](docs/dwarf-game.png)

Old 2019 Project. Side on block game. Uses raycasts for collision detection. Has block breaking/placement and inventory.

## Invaders
Old 2018 Space Invaders Clone - Trying different implementations for upgrades/scoring/etc.

## Voxel Sidescroll
Old 2D Block Game prototype

## Voxel Tutorials
Old Repo for my progress following various voxel tutorials and similar experiments

Links to tutorials used in this repo:  
http://studentgamedev.blogspot.com.au  
http://alexstv.com/index.php/posts/unity-voxel-block-tutorial  

## Fluid Turns
Prototyping a turn based game that runs in real time

## Utility AI
Prototyping 2D RTS style AI combat

Commit message:

Hevipelle Incremental: Create Unity Project
- Update README.md

Idle Combat: Updated Unity Version

README.md, after:

# Unity Prototypes

## Hevipelle Incremental
Following Hevipelles tutorial series [So you want to make an incremental?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QaGESjhX38E). The tutorial itself uses Javascript so part of the challenge will be to follow along using Unity.

Also trying out a single entry point design as explained [here by PracticAPI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jEx6XklIscg)

## Sailing Topdown 2D
![screenshot](docs/sailing-topdown-2d.png)

Camera is locked to ship, use mouse to turn steering wheel and navigate. Points of Interest off screen are identified using a circular HUD around the ship.

## Tetris Inventory
![screenshot](docs/tetris-inventory.png)

ARPG style inventory. Different items take up multiple slots and can be moved around with the mouse.

## Idle Combat
![screenshot](docs/idle-combat.png)

Implementation of a combat system inspired by [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LY9wqkzauz4) by Polatrite.

Abilities can be generators and/or spenders. Character attempts to activate each ability in sequence each "turn".

## Dwarf Game
![screenshot](docs/dwarf-game.png)

Old 2019 Project. Side on block game. Uses raycasts for collision detection. Has block breaking/placement and inventory.

## Invaders
Old 2018 Space Invaders Clone - Trying different implementations for upgrades/scoring/etc.

## Voxel Sidescroll
Old 2D Block Game prototype

## Voxel Tutorials
Old Repo for my progress following various voxel tutorials and similar experiments

Links to tutorials used in this repo:  
http://studentgamedev.blogspot.com.au  
http://alexstv.com/index.php/posts/unity-voxel-block-tutorial  

## Fluid Turns
Prototyping a turn based game that runs in real time

## Utility AI
Prototyping 2D RTS style AI combat
